PRIVACY_POLICY.md, before:

# Privacy policy
## Disclaimers and stuff
Disclaimer: I am not a lawyer. I am only a student, as of January 4, 2024. If you want legal advice, please ask a real lawyer.
Disclaimer 2: I did not consult any lawyers or get any legal advice while writing this privacy policy.

Most of the content in this privacy policy should be self-explanatory. (Write to me if it isn't!)
If you use this application (the Discord Math Problem Bot), (I assume that) you (would) agree to this policy. If you do not agree, you should not use this application.
The only data we'll store about you without your consent is whether you're blacklisted or not. By using this bot, you agree to us storing data about you in accordance with my Privacy Policy.

# Definitions
"the bot" means The Discord Math Problem Bot.
"you" means the user / the person who is reading this Policy.
"me/I" means @rf20008 (however, when there are more maintainers, this will definitely change)


## Why I store your data

Storing data you voluntarily submit to the bot, and data from the Discord API, is required for this bot to work.

## What data I store through this application

Data I store through this application include data from the Discord API, problems submitted, quizzes submitted, quiz problems submitted, deletion votes to problems, quiz submissions submitted. We may also store quiz gradings (and comments). 

## Disclosure of your data

Problems or quizzes will be shown to people who want to view your problems, and are in the same guild as the problem, or if the problem is a global problem and the user uses the bot.
Full problem data will be shown to people who solved a problem and used /user_data get_data.
Problem data (except the answers) will be shown to people who voted for a problem and used /user_data get_data
If other kinds of data are disclosed, then either I intend this (and will notify you and update this document accordingly), or it's a bug. If it's a bug, please notify me.

If the law requires so, or the situation requires so (such as crimes occurring via the platform of my bot, or I get subpoenaed because of this application), we may share your data with the government.

## Seeing and deleting your data

You can see *almost all* of your data using the command /user_data get_data. (Some might not be shown if I forget to implement 

As of right now, quizzes do not have a user interface, but problems you submit can still be deleted via ``/delete_problem``. 
Due to Discord limitations, you are not able to delete individual problems that are part of Discord servers are not a part of. 
There is also a ``/user_data delete_all`` command, which will delete *all* your problems, quizzes, quiz submissions, and grades you submitted (including guilds you are not part of).
However, due to security reasons, we won't delete the data we store about you about whether you're blacklisted / trusted.  
It is possible to delete data about whether you voted or solved problems, as of January 5, 2024, but this is not currently implemented.

## Updates and notification

I may update this policy at any time. We don't store contact information (such as Discord usernames, emails, etc.), so we can't contact users individually. However, we might notify you through the official Discord server or through the bot's status.

If there are significant changes to the Terms, I will try to notify you :-) (but I might forget). However, I often forget; please check the Policy every so often as we won't notify you for every change.
# Contributions

For legal reasons, all contributions to this application *must* be licensed under GPLv3 or later. I am not legally allowed to accept contributions licensed under any other license. I greatly appreciate your contributions!

# Retention policy

There is *no* retention policy, which is a problem.
Any data that is deleted is permanently deleted, and it is *not* recoverable. Also, data that is deleted does not get stored on my servers for any period of time.
In the future, I may try to fix this.

Commit message:

Updated code and legal documents - Implemented pagination for long messages in debug_cog.py - Revised and expanded terms and privacy policy documents - Added sections on doxxing and user responsibilities - Mentioned in privacy policy that users give me a license to do things with my bot and that it survives your relationship with me The above commit message was inspired by ChatGPT

PRIVACY_POLICY.md, after:

# Privacy policy
## Disclaimers and stuff
Disclaimer: I am not a lawyer. I am only a high school student, as of January 4, 2024. If you want legal advice, please ask a real lawyer.
Disclaimer 2: I did not consult any lawyers or get any legal advice while writing this privacy policy.

Most of the content in this privacy policy should be self-explanatory. (Write to me if it isn't!)
If you use this application (the Discord Math Problem Bot), (I assume that) you (would) agree to this policy. If you do not agree, you should not use this application.
The only data we'll store about you without your consent is whether you're blacklisted or not. By using this bot, you agree to us storing data about you in accordance with my Privacy Policy.

# Definitions
"the bot" means The Discord Math Problem Bot.
"you" means the user / the person who is reading this Policy.
"me/I" means @rf20008 (however, when there are more maintainers, this will definitely change)



## Why I store your data

Storing data you voluntarily submit to the bot, and data from the Discord API, is required for this bot to work.

## What data I store through this application

Data I store through this application include data from the Discord API, problems submitted, quizzes submitted, quiz problems submitted, deletion votes to problems, quiz submissions submitted. We may also store quiz gradings (and comments).

# Licenses you give me
As mentioned in my terms of service, I mentioned that whenever you give me things I or my bot needs to process, you provide me and my bot a perpetual, survival, irrevokable, worldwide, royalty free, license with enough rights to do the things that I and my bot might need to do.
However, you don't necessarily transfer ownership to me, and you still get credit for this problem wherever the bot shows it
Also, the license you give me will survive the termination of this bot and/or your relationship with me.

## Disclosure of your data

Problems or quizzes will be shown to people who want to view your problems, and are in the same guild as the problem, or if the problem is a global problem and the user uses the bot.
Full problem data will be shown to people who solved a problem and used /user_data get_data.
Problem data (except the answers) will be shown to people who voted for a problem and used /user_data get_data
If other kinds of data are disclosed, then either I intend this (and will notify you and update this document accordingly), or it's a bug. If it's a bug, please notify me.

If the law requires so, or the situation requires so (such as crimes occurring via the platform of my bot, or I get subpoenaed because of this application), we may share your data with the government.

## Seeing and deleting your data

You can see *almost all* of your data using the command /user_data get_data. (Some might not be shown if I forget to implement 

As of right now, quizzes do not have a user interface, but problems you submit can still be deleted via ``/delete_problem``. 
Due to Discord limitations, you are not able to delete individual problems that are part of Discord servers are not a part of. 
There is also a ``/user_data delete_all`` command, which will delete *all* your problems, quizzes, quiz submissions, and grades you submitted (including guilds you are not part of).
However, due to security reasons, we won't delete the data we store about you about whether you're blacklisted / trusted.  
It is possible to delete data about whether you voted or solved problems, as of January 5, 2024, but this is not currently implemented.

## Updates and notification

I may update this policy at any time. We don't store contact information (such as Discord usernames, emails, etc.), so we can't contact users individually. However, we might notify you through the official Discord server or through the bot's status.

If there are significant changes to the Terms, I will try to notify you :-) (but I might forget). However, I often forget; please check the Policy every so often as we won't notify you for every change.
# Contributions

For legal reasons, all contributions to this application *must* be licensed under GPLv3 or later. I am not legally allowed to accept contributions licensed under any other license. I greatly appreciate your contributions!

# Retention policy

There is *no* retention policy, which is a problem.
Any data that is deleted is permanently deleted, and it is *not* recoverable. Also, data that is deleted does not get stored on my servers for any period of time.
In the future, I may try to fix this.
